Include clerkTraceId for backend api errors (#1894)
clerkinc/javascript: .changeset/sour-comics-stare.md

---
'@clerk/backend': patch
'@clerk/shared': patch
---

> Add clerkTraceId to ClerkBackendApiResponse and ClerkAPIResponseError to allow for better tracing and debugging api errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add clerkTraceId to ClerkBackendApiResponse and ClerkAPIResponseError to allow for better tracing and debugging API error responses. 
```

> Uses clerk trace id when available and defaults to cf ray id if missing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses `clerk_trace_id` when available in a response and defaults to [`cf-ray` identifier](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/reference/cloudflare-ray-id/) if missing. 
```

Author: Updated the changelog!
